Sonora
======

.. note:: Only about 6 years from now.

.. TODO: Give a date, so we can track a timeline.

"Now choose 'Sonora County'," said Elisabeth.

Mary requested to be admitted to the 'Sonora County' geographical
community in the Dem2 app that she had installed on her phone just now.
"OK, what happens next?"

"Someone will message you," said Elisabeth. "They'll ask about how you
can get to Sonora, and make a plan for you. ...

"Oh, and they'll advise you to get another phone. Install Dem2 on your
new phone and uninstall it from this one. US Customs might check your
phone, and if they find Dem2 they might revoke your citizenship after
you leave the US, and then they just won't let you come back."

"Really?!" Mary was mostly disappointed, and only a little surprised.

"Yeah," confirmed Elisabeth. "California doesn't give a shit, and you're
probably OK in Arizona. But Texas fucking hates people on Dem2, and New
Mexico is not much better. The irony, right?"

"You are coming with me, aren't you?"

.. TODO: Move the next bit to later. Start with why she's going.
   Shouldn't Mary be more worried about what she's getting into?

"Of course I am! And again, you know, it's not going to be easy. No
Whataburger or Taco Cabana. It's pretty basic. The roads are dirt.
You're going to be living with another family at first. But it's like
Amish Country in a way: Maybe you'll get a small apartment after a
while, but maybe people will help you build a house -- just a few
people during the week, but like a big team on Sundays. And you're
going to be helping out on Sundays too -- there's church, of course,
for part of the morning, if you want, but the whole of Sunday is for
community service. Everybody does it."

"Is this a country or a cult?" Mary asked, smiling.

Elisabeth laughed. "Well, kinda neither, and a little bit of both.
Sonora County is a bit like a state. There are other states too, but
they're in different places around the world. Rich investors, and some
NGOs and stuff have bought big chunks of land -- oh, after you've moved
they'll ask you to exchange your US dollars for 'Dem2 Fiat' -- that's
what their money is called -- you should do it -- anyway that land has
become like states. There is also like a federal government, called
the 'top tier council', but there isn't a capitol city like DC. They
move to a different city every year."

"OK, and the culty kinda stuff?" asked Mary.

"Haha, yeah, like Sundays? Yeah, that's not the half of it. After high
school, you have community service for two whole years. There is
military service, and medical service, and engineering services like
building, and social services like looking after old people and daycare
and stuff. Like some of the people who help you to get to Sonora will
likely be on their community service."

"Wow, that's quite cool."

"Wait til you hear about the drugs," teased Elisabeth.

"What?!"

"Yeah. Anyone over the age of 25 can opt in for, like, an ayahuasca
ceremony. It doesn't have to be literally ayahuasca -- you can do acid
or shrooms -- but it's the same idea."

.. TODO: ^^^ A little more detail here, but not much. Then end ch. 1

.. TODO: Cut or move this:

"Oh that's not the best part," continued Elisabeth. "They take
democracy very seriously. So right now, just by having the app
installed, you've got a vote in the communities you join. So you're
automatically in a geographical community for 'Amarillo', but you can
join other ones for interests you want represented, like you should
definitely join a women's community."




